The Joe Rogan experience.
It's yeah. It's some kind of Brontosaurus.
Weird going in the restaurants. Did you feel weird?
Yeah, it was nice, but the waiter had a mask. Oh, that was done.
He was talking to us so stupid. He was like, Hey man, I love your podcast.
I'm like, are you, where are you?
I see your eyes. We're not that get used to that. Must've been nice.
Cause I don't think that's going to happen in our life for at least.
I don't think go to San Diego man.
It's [inaudible].
He's a very strange dude. Something's going on?
Did you see that article? That who was that guy?
There was a conservative politician in, um, uh,
I'm thinking about San Diego. I'm thinking about Texas. I've been saying that.
One goes, we all go.
To the moon. Love to leave. Texas is mad. Like you come over here,
you just bring your liberal, right? No.
Okay. Easy. You ever been to Austin? I love Austin,
but I'm saying liberal. I mean Austin's liberal. Is that good?
Um, did I send that to you guys? That article about the San Diego guy
and here it is, I'm going to say send it to you Jamie. Cause it's on San Diego.
With the six deaths.
Six. That's what I'm saying. I said.
You sent it to me. I said, if.
You talk about that.
You will be, you'll be taken off YouTube window Saunders,
those doctors who said that you have a 0.03% chance of dying in LA or something
like that.
And they were that that video was taken down Facebook and YouTube will take down
your video if they can.
I guess I'm free. Brian. You'll enjoy this. You'll love this.
I just found out from, uh, our boy, that meant pixels. Then you are, Hey,
can you and Brian, the first five minutes,
not talking about penises or cuss or you who gives a duty is YouTube.
YouTube demonetizing your channel and taking them when you cuss in the first
five minutes.
Oh, you Fox, you ruined everything. Pfizer.
Jim Desmond says San Diego has all has only had six pure
Corona virus, deaths. Whoa. So what he's saying is all the deaths that they had.
Everyone had an underlying cause except for six. Yeah. That were pure.
Corona virus. Six. Yeah.
3.3 Million. Hear me out, boys. I love takes much of the next guy, LA Jolla.
When we go to the comedy store there, I love it down there.
We're not gonna save as much on taxes, but San Diego, we can serve fish tacos.
They're locked down.
There, open up more than us.
I know, but we should listen. I mean, there's no simple,
easy way to do this.
We got to look at how the states act over the next couple of weeks and just
judge these states and talk about what states, uh, are, are, uh, also.
Diana, but also just Atlanta.
All these states need to, if you want to help people talk about health,
no one knows no one's doing it. All these people are talking about. It's fear.
They're talking about the disease, how quickly it spreads, how people carry it.
And they don't even know.
They're talking about all these things about the disease, which is great,
but put out you want to help people put out a message to change your
diets.
How about the Belgium.
Health minister, hilarious gate gate.
You get your life into Whetstone and people. It destroys people.
Roby destroys him. It was the one of the number one factors in,
in people that had really horrible
city flu does that like obese and people with pre-call all diseases, diseases,
diseases, underlying conditions. That's going to you over this one.
We were led to believe it was going to be something that it wasn't.
They thought it was different than it was. We're lucky. Now they can backtrack.
We're lucky, but we have to admit we're lucky. And we have to admit,
obviously people did a lot of great work and the first responders, the,
the bravest human beings alive is hands down that we were scared about it in our
homes. And these people are dealing with sick patients in DAS every day.
But we have to recognize the difference between what happens to them.
And what's, what's hard.
And what happens to the rest of us and what can be fixed with nutrition?
What can be fixed with medicine? What can we fix? What could it be?
But also the actual odds of dying from the disease.
There's a lot going to say is at a certain point in time,
you got to let people be free. And I don't know when that is,
give us a guideline. It should be like people that don't for me.
I was going to say, I don't know why that is.
But mobile don't believe that the people in power right now that the larger
issue, the larger issue, I think is that you have people in power,
especially in I'm sorry,
but I feel this way about Eric Garcetti and Gavin Newsom. And I,
and I love the people around him who,
who have this arbitrary executive control to
make decisions that affect all our lives and destroy businesses may be
irreparably by with some health bureaucrats by saying, well,
you know what? Everybody has to wear a mandatory, we're going to mandate masks.
And we're going to extend this. Now that we flatten the curve. And by the way,
the hospitals in Los Angeles are empty. They are,
our health system is not overrun and we have flatten the curve,
but you know what? Take a seat for another three months, take a seat.
Oh, and that snitch on your neighbor just tweeted that out.
Just snitch on your neighbor, but snitch on businesses,
we're still conducting business.
It was unprecedented.
And I think this is executive overreach and it was challenged in Wisconsin and
overturned in my opinion. Rightly so. We'll see. Now, as these states open,
we'll see if the death toll class,
but we know that this is a disease that threatens people with underlying
and severe morbidities and
who are much older. So is it, doesn't it make sense to target quarantine?
Can't we quarantine people who are like, say 70 and over logic.
No, no, none of that. But.
We're dealing with dealing with ideology. I'm sorry. And I, I I'm amazed.
And I think that you want to hear what I think.
I think even people like the CNN and Garcetti and his people,
I think they're really interested in restructuring society. Yes.
I think I didn't get drop out at all costs. I think it's about power Russia.
They're going you is what we've been trying to do this whole time. Coming out,
you guys are doing it. Oh dude. In Russia, they're loving it. When you,
how do you, how do you think they want restructure?
Like if you were just guessing. Well, I, I.
What I think is this. So, so when you keep an economy shut down long enough,
you have to look at this $3 trillion stimulus package.
That's that's 3000 billion dollars, $3,000 do that.
Yeah. But it's important to know.
How big that is. Okay. A lot of money. It's $3 trillion.
And it, what happens with government,
when what you're doing is really essentially spending your way,
trying to spend your way out of a problem. What that really means though,
is government has to take over these aspects of the economy in your lives that
they didn't before. And I think this is about power.
I think this is about the expansion. And I really do.
City's quote, we talked about on the way up here, but they should see it.
Garcia had a quote that we have to wear masks.
And if we do the right thing to wear masks,
we'll get back some of our freedoms. Yeah. That's one man, but just fun.
But imagine saying it that way, get back some of our freedoms,
like you can't take away freedoms. We can.
Reconstitution.
Like this. It's simple. Mayor Garcetti orders,
Angelenos to wear masks whenever leaving home.
W we can recall him. You just need you.
I think you need 330,000 signatures petition. Let's do.
It. Let's get together. And we call him, call the man.
Down.
And am. I don't think, I don't think they know that.
I don't think they know how to let go of power. And I think,
I think this is not the same argument that we had two months ago when we entered
into this,
that argument was we have to stop this thing because it kills a giant percentage
of the population is going to run through us 33 million.
Remember that gen.
And 30 turns out, look, it's horrible if you get it. But if,
if you get it for the most part,
you're probably going to be asymptomatic or are not going to have bad symptoms.
It doesn't take it. But the problem is, it sounds callous to say that, right?
Because that, what about someone who lost someone who had it all the time from.
The flu or hardest.
To make them make motorcycles?
Check this [inaudible] question. Brooke Callan.
Let me ask you a question. What would you rather have
someone give your whole family COVID or that same person get
drunk and Ram their car into your whole family?
I'd rather have them give the COVID because the death rate between zero and 18
COVID.
Or a drunk driver crashing into your entire funnel,
I will lick everybody's face in this room. Right? Same thing. Obvious question,
right? Yeah.
It's an option. It's almost a question that everybody's like, come on. Exactly.
How many, think about how many car accidents there are every year.
Think about how easy it is,
how easy it would be for someone to make a mistake and kill people,
doing a number of things that we do all the time.
All the time happens all the time. Imagine,
imagine we chalk it up as the price for driving.
Diseases. Think.
About this. You know, they could,
you know how they could destroy the legalization of marijuana right now.
You know how they could do it easy. This is how they do it. They can say, no,
they could destroy it. They can make weed illegal right now,
all they gotta do is say it.
Start doing what they're doing with the coal forging, the coal,
the death certificates, anybody that dies, anybody that crashes with, uh,
anybody that dies from a drunk driving accident, just put marijuana accident,
call the DW BBQ, drunk or driving while barbecued,
no matter right.
There to do that. Hold.
On, hold on. And then, and then every night, every night,
when you turn on the news, you put on the death,
count of all the people that are dying of marijuana, driving deaths,
and then start looking at putting footage of all these car wrecks that are going
all the time. We never see them. Okay. Here.
Yes. And so let's, let's go on. But I think this disconnect,
I also think there's a disconnect,
but with a lot of journalists and a lot of politicians,
there's a major disconnect between them and everyday Americans who have to make
a business work. Right? So if you had Paul Krugman, who is a Nobel prize,
winning economist, who is a regular op-ed contributor to the New York times,
he wrote the most condescending article.
He's never had a real job in my opinion, but that's a different story.
But Paul Clifford, he's writing for the New York times.
He's got a he's he's always been incredibly left-wing.
There's a difference though. He's he's good at talking and writing
[inaudible] Tesla's hours are just.
One of the Elon Musk hits be careful.
Powers of cage fights. Why don't we go? Why don't we, what am I watching?
I got so high from this. This is a blunt.
[inaudible] Let me finish the thought was this I do though.
He said that right-wingers,
he'd lumped a whole group of people called right-wingers into one thing, right?
And he said, right,
wingers are coming up with these conspiracies and are against the lockdown
because they care about the Dow Jones. And that's what he,
and that's how he categorized everybody who was against the Dow Jones.
I bet the shutdown in our family instead about getting families, people who,
who have spent their lifetime building a business,
and it's going under and may not come back or somebody who has spent all their
time building a brand and relies on that.
And so there's never any consideration for that because those people have never
done that. And when you've never done that, you don't know what it's is.
I think they're doing it. They want to destroy the economy.
I think they're doing it on purpose.
I think that's the whole purpose of this to get Trump out.
Exactly. I'm never this cynical.
I'm never this conspiratorial trying to destroy him because the first time in my
life where I'm thinking to myself, that's the price. These people might be.
As he's been right about the whole Trump stuff, all that, the Russian.
Let's be real careful about drawing conclusions about why that's
[inaudible] Hold on a second. It's a good point. But this is really important.
It's just a natural part of human nature to not want to relinquish power.
The founding fathers knew that founding fathers knew that,
which is why you don't have executive overreach,
which is why it can be challenged in the courts.
Is why it has to be, it is a natural human behavior. [inaudible].
I do too. That's that cop who lost his job?
Was it Greg Anderson and Greg Henderson,
whatever the dude in Washington who was like this ain't right, man. Exactly.
And then lost his job. He he's like, we technically can't do this.
It's against the constitution.
Whoever that guy is, find out who that guy is. I'm pretty sure.
It's Greg Anderson check check, man. He's a BJJ black.
He's a black belt and he's a special forces guy. Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll never be happy because I'm not built like this guy.
About Anderson. I'm sorry about with, about Anders. Well,
he also played linebacker at Alabama. You. Okay. So you're starting linebacker.
Stronger, a little more powerful than I, oh, he's a monster.
Two and eight power, but Jocko's a beast too. It's such a good fight.
This is written all over it. Yeah.
Jocko's a very good striker.
Yeah.
Fun to watch. And Anders is so tough, dude. When he fought Cleal Rountree round,
she was lightening his legs up and he never even flinched.
Anders, starting linebacker, USA, Alabama. And I'm going to try football.
And he said, I'm going to try fighting. And he's been playing that long,
starting linebacker for the national championship, Alabama.
And here's the thing, you know how,
like when you see like 18 year old kids in jujitsu,
like they get good really quick. It's kind of scary. You know, like,
I don't know what it is about people when they get older where it doesn't work
like that. And I think it's not just physical thing.
I think it's also like a resources thing.
You don't have the resources to think about it all the time.
You don't have the resource to be obsessed with like, yeah.
18 year old kid is still lives at home. Can try to be the world's best boxer.
You know? And you're running up hill.
On a bed at night. They live in it.
Living it and they get good quick.
Man. And his body doesn't get hurt. He recovers faster.
Back.
People. You know, people want to on Greg Hardy.
He hasn't been fighting that long and he's in the UFC and has like eight fights
and he's won most of them. And how.
He fought Volkov, right. Vocal with one arm, Bella. Yeah. his arm up.
He built vocal. It was the Bella tour, heavyweight champ.
And before he fought Derek Lewis,
a lot of people thought he might be the dark horse of the division hundred.
Percent tall.
Why didn't he stop? Fabricio.
Derek Lewis too, until the very end.
Nice Louis. He's absolutely one of the most entertaining guys ever.
Cause you never know.